[default]
save_search_field= gs
tab_new= ga
allow_session_cookie_tmp= CT
allow_cookie= CC
allow_session_cookie= CS
bookmark= M
buffers= gt
cancel_download= ad
sanitize= 
clear_tab= gc
only= co
close_tab= d
entry_escape=Control c
entry_confirm=Control g
entry_history_back=Control k
entry_history_forward=Control j
entry_delete_letter=Control h
entry_delete_line=Control u
entry_delete_line_end=Control e
entry_delete_word=Control w
entry_delete_word_forward=Control e
entry_word_back=Control b
entry_word_forward=Control f
complete_bookmarks=Control B
complete_history=Control H
complete_path=Control p
complete_searchengines=Control S
complete_userscript=Control U
download= gd
download_set_execute=Control x
command_mode= :
execute_javascript= 
eval= 
execute_userscript= eu
find_backward_ic= c?
find_backward= ?
find_forward_ic= c/
find_forward= /
find_next= n
find_previous= N
focus_input= gi
focus_next= J
focus_tab= T
focus_prev= K
win_hist_back= wh
tab_hist_back= th
history_back= H
win_hist_forward= wl
tab_hist_forward= tl
history_forward= L
insert_mode= i
show_keys= Sk
load_html= 
load_html_tab= 
lock_domain= xd
lock_uri= xu
tab_move_left= <
tab_move_right= >
tab_move= gm
normal_mode=Control n
open_editor=Control e
quickmark= b
tab_quickmark= B
win_quickmark= wb
start_page=Control h
web_inspector= wi
paste= pp
tab_paste= Pp
win_paste= wp
paste_primary= pP
win_paste_primary= wP
tab_paste_primary= PP
print=Control Mod1 p
protect=Control P
quit=Control q
reload= r
reload_bypass_cache= R
reload_userscripts= 
save= sf
save_session= ZZ
save_named_session= gZZ
save_quickmark= m
scroll_down= j
scroll_right= l
scroll_left= h
scroll_page_down=Control f
scroll_page_up=Control b
scroll_halfpage_down=Control d
scroll_halfpage_up=Control u
scroll_bottom= G
scroll_top= gg
scroll_up= k
local_set= 
set= 
set_key= sk
set_local_setting= sl
set_setting= ss
show_settings= Ss
show_bookmarks= Sb
show_downloads= Sd
show_history= Sh
show_quickmarks= Sq
stop_loading=Control s
toggle_local_setting= 
toggle_setting= 
toggle_tab=Control @Tab@
toggle_plugins_host_tmp= pth
toggle_scripts_host= tsh
toggle_scripts_host_tmp= tth
toggle_scripts_uri= tsu
toggle_plugins_uri_tmp= ptu
toggle_scripts_uri_tmp= ttu
fullscreen= @F11@
toggle_hidden_files= g.
toggle_plugins_host= ph
toggle_plugins_uri= pu
presentation_mode= @F12@
proxy=Control p
visible= xv
toggle_bars= xx
toggle_statusbar= xb
toggle_tabbar= xt
undo= u
view_source= gf
dump= 
yank_title= yt
yank_title_primary= yT
yank= yy
yank_primary= yY
zoom= =
zoom_in= +
zoom_out= -
hints_background= ;b
hints_images_background= .i
hints_url_background= .o
backopen_url= xO
backopen= xo
bookmarks= gb
hints= f
hints_clipboard= ;y
hints_download= ;d
hints_editable= ;e
hints_images= ;i
hints_links= ;;
hints_primary= ;Y
hints_rapid= ;r
hints_url= ;o
new_tab= V
new_win= W
open_url= go
open= o
hints_tab= F
hints_images_tab= ;I
hints_url_tab= ;O
tab_bookmarks= gB
tabopen_url= gO
tabopen= O
hints_win= wf
hints_rapid_win= ;R
win_bookmarks= wB
winopen_url= wO
winopen= wo
tabdo= 
reload_bookmarks= 
reload_quickmarks= 
print_preview= 

visual_mode= v

[1]
save_search_field=gs
tab_new=ga
allow_session_cookie_tmp=CT
allow_cookie=CC
allow_session_cookie=CS
bookmark=M
buffers=gt
cancel_download=ad
sanitize=
clear_tab=gc
only=co
close_tab=d
entry_escape=Control c
entry_confirm=Control g
entry_history_back=Control k
entry_history_forward=Control j
entry_delete_letter=Control h
entry_delete_line=Control u
entry_delete_line_end=Control e
entry_delete_word=Control w
entry_delete_word_forward=Control e
entry_word_back=Control b
entry_word_forward=Control f
complete_bookmarks=Control B
complete_history=Control H
complete_path=Control p
complete_searchengines=Control S
complete_userscript=Control U
download=gd
download_set_execute=Control x
command_mode=:
tabdo=
execute_javascript=
eval=
execute_userscript=eu
find_backward_ic=c?
find_backward=?
find_forward_ic=c/
find_forward=/
find_next=n
find_previous=N
focus_input=gi
focus_next=J
focus_tab=T
focus_prev=K
win_hist_back=wh
tab_hist_back=th
history_back=H
win_hist_forward=wl
tab_hist_forward=tl
history_forward=L
insert_mode=i
show_keys=Sk
load_html=
load_html_tab=
lock_domain=xd
lock_uri=xu
tab_move_left=gl
tab_move_right=gr
tab_move=gm
normal_mode=Control n
open_editor=Control e
quickmark=b
tab_quickmark=B
win_quickmark=wb
start_page=Control h
web_inspector=wi
paste=pp
tab_paste=Pp
win_paste=wp
paste_primary=pP
win_paste_primary=wP
tab_paste_primary=PP
print=Control Mod1 p
protect=Control P
quit=Control q
reload_bookmarks=
reload=r
reload_bypass_cache=R
reload_quickmarks=
reload_userscripts=
save=sf
save_session=ZZ
save_named_session=gZZ
save_quickmark=m
scroll_down=j
scroll_right=l
scroll_left=h
scroll_page_down=Control f
scroll_page_up=Control b
scroll_halfpage_down=Control d
scroll_halfpage_up=Control u
scroll_bottom=G
scroll_top=gg
scroll_up=k
local_set=
set=
set_key=sk
set_local_setting=sl
set_setting=ss
show_settings=Ss
print_preview=
show_bookmarks=Sb
show_downloads=Sd
show_history=Sh
show_quickmarks=Sq
stop_loading=Control s
toggle_local_setting=
toggle_setting=
toggle_tab=Control @Tab@
toggle_plugins_host_tmp=pth
toggle_scripts_host=tsh
toggle_scripts_host_tmp=tth
toggle_scripts_uri=tsu
toggle_plugins_uri_tmp=ptu
toggle_scripts_uri_tmp=ttu
fullscreen=@F11@
toggle_hidden_files=g.
toggle_plugins_host=ph
toggle_plugins_uri=pu
presentation_mode=@F12@
proxy=Control p
visible=xv
toggle_bars=xx
toggle_statusbar=xb
toggle_tabbar=xt
undo=u
view_source=gf
dump=
yank_title=yt
yank_title_primary=yT
yank=yy
yank_primary=yY
zoom==
zoom_in=+
zoom_out=-
hints_background=;b
hints_images_background=.i
hints_url_background=.o
backopen_url=xO
backopen=xo
bookmarks=gb
hints=f
hints_clipboard=;y
hints_download=;d
hints_editable=;e
hints_images=;i
hints_links=;;
hints_primary=;Y
hints_rapid=;r
hints_url=;o
new_tab=V
new_win=W
open_url=go
open=o
hints_tab=F
hints_images_tab=;I
hints_url_tab=;O
tab_bookmarks=gB
tabopen_url=gO
tabopen=O
hints_win=wf
hints_rapid_win=;R
win_bookmarks=wB
winopen_url=wO
winopen=wo
